# Optimization method for joint relay selection and buffer queue stability
https://www.jsjkx.com/CN/10.11896/jsjkx.220100082

The optimization method is divided into two stages. In the first stage, the user selects the best relay node, and in the second stage, the relay node makes a task allocation decision.
`paper_Lyapunov_selection.py` is used to evaluate the user's choice of the best relay node

`paper_Lyapunov.py` and `paper_Lyapunov_V_multiuser.py` are used to evaluate relay nodes to make task allocation decisions

For detailed derivation and explanation of Lyapunov optimization algorithm, please refer to http://hliangzhao.me/math/Lyapunov_optimization.pdf

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## A simple explanation
We present a scenario based on multi-user, multi-relay, and a remote helper node. Put the tasks generated by each user at each moment into a matrix with the user number as the ordinate and the time line as the abscissa.

Enter the selection phase.

After the user selects a relay node, the tasks arriving at each relay are updated and placed in a matrix with the relay number as the ordinate and the time line as the abscissa.

Enter the relay decision-making stage.

Obtain energy consumption and task buffer queue length, and update the queue.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can run ``paper_Lyapunov_selection.py`` and ``paper_Lyapunov_selection_2.py`` to get the comparison results of user selection decisions.

generate fig.1 - fig.5

Run `paper_Lyapunov.py` and `paper_Lyapunov_V_multiuser.py` to obtain the relay decision result obtained by adjusting V2 and changing the number of users.

generate fig.6 - fig.9

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### About the author: 

Che Chen

cc5551@foxmail.com
